the world is dangerous and everyone needs help + support from others all the time.

some people are willing and able to help strangers. betrayers imitate this group to exploit desperate strangers
some people are in desperate need of help. betrayers imitate this group to exploit kind strangers
all rolls must be made by at least two people working together.

each person contributes a small bonus or perk according to the approach/style they use to attack the problem
these approaches are written in secret before the roll is made, then revealed at once. (The characters can lie to each other.)

one approach is Betrayal. approaching a roll with Betrayal allows the betrayer to turn the result of the roll in their favor- if the effort succeeds
if multiple characters approach with Betrayal, the roll automatically fails.
 
characters can attempt rolls on their own, but they must expend a special and precious resource/suffer dire consequences,

some ideas for approaches:
guile, passion, deftness, empathy, cunning, force, wildness


GM could have anything happen. But they don't have to. 
They are in charge of NPC's and environment, so they have a lot of power, but they don't have to do a lot of work for this. 
There are lots of NPC's described and creatures and environments, like Wilderfeast. 
The difference is that the GM does need to read ahead and know about the creatures and dangers in the environments. 
Of course, they can add some, or make some up.

I would like to link both GitHub and a Discord server to the place I have the game available, so that I can get feedback and ideas.

People can really change. Change their goals at any time. Change what they have and what they stand for.
The end character sheet could look nothing like the beginning one.
I am still deciding how to balance this with the idea that the characters should act in character. 
Considering the Tresspasser concept.

I want the pace to be more or less quick. 
There is no hard turn order. Instead, players will state what they want to do, discuss, and roll. 
If another character wishes to assist (or sabotage) an action, they will say so to the GM before the outcome is decided.
The character does not have to reveal their assistance or sabotage to the other character if they do not wish to.
Whether or not the first character finds out will depend on the outcome.
Each player will need to be able to communicate privately with the GM. Whether by seperate channels, texting, passed notes, or another such method.
Characters have their own agendas. This is not good or bad. Sometimes they align with each other's. Sometimes they do not.
